# The Dapr-Spring-Boot-Starter documentation 

> The document you are viewing was generated by Copilot, translated from a Chinese document. It may not be updated promptly. If there are any questions, please refer to the Chinese document as the standard.

integrates [Dapr](https://dapr.io) with [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot), simplifying the setup of Dapr clients by adding a series of dependencies and appropriate annotations to the project. The goal of this project is to provide a development experience for Dapr for Spring Boot that is close to that of Spring Cloud.

__Please note:__

This project does not rewrite any logic of the Dapr Java SDK or even the official Dapr Spring Boot artifact; it only enhances the Spring Boot experience. You may need to refer to the [Dapr Java SDK](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/sdks/java/) to understand the use of the Dapr Client and the official Dapr Spring Boot artifact (such as Pubsub, etc.)

## Table of Contents

- dapr-client-spring-boot-starter
  - [Getting Started Guide](client/getting-started.md)
  - [Configuration](client/configuration.md)
- dapr-openfeign-spring-boot-starter, feign-dapr-client
  - [Getting Started Guide](feign/getting-started.md)
  - [Configuration](feign/configuration.md)
- dapr-secretstore-spring-boot-starter
  - [Getting Started Guide](secretstore/getting-started.md)
  - [Configuration](secretstore/configuration.md)
- [Troubleshooting](trouble-shooting.md)
- [Sample Projects](examples.md)
- [Version Overview](versions.md)
- [Contributing](contributions.md)

## How to Download Artifacts

The artifacts are released on Github Packages, JitPack, and Maven Central for daily builds, SNAPSHOT versions, and official releases. Please choose the appropriate version to use.

- __Using Github Packages__  ___See [Version Overview](versions.md) for details___

  If using builds hosted on Github Packages, you need to set up authentication correctly as per GitHub's official documentation to download the artifacts.

  Refer to the [Gradle Instructions](https://docs.github.com/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-gradle-registry#using-a-published-package) and [Maven Instructions](https://docs.github.com/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry#installing-a-package) for details.

  After configuring the repository, add the following dependencies to your Maven or Gradle:

  __Maven__

  ```xml
  <dependency>
      <groupId>icu.fangkehou</groupId>
      <artifactId>dapr-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
      <version>0.4.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
  </dependency>
  ```

  __Gradle__

  ```groovy
  dependencies {
      implementation 'icu.fangkehou:dapr-spring-boot-starter:0.4.0-SNAPSHOT'
  }
  ```

  ___Please note: The above version number may be outdated, ensure you are using the latest SNAPSHOT version. Components may require you to introduce additional dependencies.___

  ___See [Version Overview](versions.md) for details___

- __Using JitPack__

  If using builds hosted on JitPack Packages, you need to set up the repository correctly as per JitPack's official documentation to download the artifacts.

For more information, please refer to the [JitPack documentation](https://docs.jitpack.io/intro/#building-with-jitpack).

After setting up the repository, please add the following dependencies to your Maven or Gradle build:

__Maven__

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>icu.fangkehou.dapr-spring</groupId>
    <artifactId>dapr-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
    <version>0.4.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

__Gradle__

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation 'icu.fangkehou.dapr-spring:dapr-spring-boot-starter:0.4.0-SNAPSHOT'
}
```

___Please note: The above version number may be outdated, please make sure you are using the latest SNAPSHOT version. Components may require you to introduce additional dependencies.___

___For details, refer to the [Version Overview](versions.md)___

- __Using Maven Central__

After setting up the repository, please add the following dependencies to your Maven or Gradle build:

__Maven__

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>icu.fangkehou</groupId>
    <artifactId>dapr-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
    <version>0.4.0</version>
</dependency>
```

__Gradle__

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation 'icu.fangkehou:dapr-spring-boot-starter:0.4.0'
}
```

___Please note: The above version number may be outdated, please make sure you are using the latest version. Components may require you to introduce additional dependencies.___

___For details, refer to the [Version Overview](versions.md)___